Context: I am on a geforce rtx omen ubuntu installed computer. I have downloaded the lerobot and xlerobot
githubs and installed pytorch, cuda, and other required libraries to my knowledge. I bought the xlerobot
setup which includes an ikea cart, two soarm101 arms with 1 uvc camera on each and a "head" with a uvc
camera too. There is also a wheel base with 3 wheels. My end goal is to create my own robotic innovation.
I'm not quite sure what it is yet. Maybe an architecture innovation? Completely disregard that. The 
point is that before I can get to innovating I need to understand what I currently have because I have
never done robotics before. I have a bit of machine learning background but don't assume I'm a pro 
and also no robotics background. Originally my plan was to start with an mvp. which included testing
out if the arms work through keyboard control, leader arms, cameras work, etc. Then to get a pretrained
model to "plug and play" to see if it will work to control my robot. This was detailed in "xlerobot_mvp_plan_v1.md"
under jdocs/design.

Situation: I have already completed testing the arms and cameras(check arms and camera folder under 
testing_basic_components). So I started to test a model. I chose smolvla, but it didn't work(movements were
almost twitchy in the way that it was moving in tiny movements and not really towards the goal which was
to pick up the red cube. it opened the gripper a bit, closed a bit, moved right a bit, etc. This could 
have been because of multiple reasons like my setup is different, the lighting is different, the model
was pretrained on soarm100..?). After, I tried a pick and place act and a community smolvla. But both 
failed to run so I couldn't even see how the robot behaved. The main reason was because lerobot 
apparently had an update recently. So its changed/broken a lot of stuff. Some errors were from missing 
configuration files and other errors were from missing preprocessor files.

Question(s): I need you to answer 2 questions in detail based on research and remember that I am in the 
planning stage so don't be led on by my words. You can contradict me, question me, etc. The first question
is, how does the lerobot pipeline work? I sort of understand bits and pieces of these things like
configuration files but I don't understand where that fits into the pipeline, what the update changed, etc.
The second question is, what do you think I should do moving forward. Currently what I was thinking my two
options were are: start trying to finetune the working smovla with my own recording data or try to regress
to the old lerobot version and run my "mvp" of getting a working pretrained model. The reason why I'm 
unsure what to do(and I'm just thinking out loud here so don't take what I'm saying as absolute) is because
I assumed the model would be plug and play. But if its not, and I eventually have to finetune a model 
anyways, is it pointless to regress and run the mvp? Or should I do something like regress to make sure
I'm using a working base model? Or some other path? and give research and logic to support your reasoning.




finetuning => align virtual and physical

can once align use vlm generalize to more atomic tasks.